adds arch diagram, list of enrichers and explains use-case with example (#22)
hypertrace/hypertrace-trace-enricher: README.md

# Hypertrace Trace Enricher
###### org.hypertrace.traceenricher

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/hypertrace/hypertrace-trace-enricher.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/hypertrace/hypertrace-trace-enricher)

> A streaming job that enriches the incoming spans with identified entities like API, Service, Backend, etc.

Reviewer: I think we are calling it Endpoint instead of API. Please ignore if thats not the case
```suggestion
A streaming job that enriches the incoming spans with identified entities like Endpoint, Service, Backend, etc.
```

## trace-enrichers

We have different enrichers in the pipeline and all those enrichers are executed as a DAG. The list of enrichers Hypertrace uses is as follows:
- `SpanTypeAttributeEnricher`
- `ApiStatusEnricher`
- `EndpointEnricher`
- `TransactionNameEnricher`
- `ApiBoundaryTypeAttributeEnricher`
- `ErrorsAndExceptionsEnricher`
- `BackendEntityEnricher`
- `HttpAttributeEnricher`
- `DefaultServiceEntityEnricher` 
- `UserAgentSpanEnricher`

## How do we use trace-enrichers?

| ![space-1.jpg](https://hypertrace-docs.s3.amazonaws.com/ingestion-pipeline.png) | 
|:--:| 
| *Hypertrace Ingestion Pipeline* |

trace-enrichers are being used to enrich spans/traces with entity information. `hypertrace-trace-enricher` service talks to `entity-service` which fetches entity information from Mongo as required. 

> For example, Let's say we got span which has http method related attribute `method: /api/v1/user?name`. So, in this case, if we already have api entity which refers to `/api/v1/user`, we fetch the of that entity and add it to span. Now, span will have one more attribute like this `method:/api/v1/user?name, api_is:1234`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Let's say we got span which has http method related attribute `method: /api/v1/user?name`. So, in this case, if we already have Endpoint entity which refers to `/api/v1/user`, we fetch the id of that entity and add it to span. Now, span will have one more attribute like this `method:/api/v1/user?name, api_id:1234`.
```
